Welcome to the video on how to use the
medical encyclopedia to get started. This is
the main page, which can also be called an index. Here you can
select the style you like the most or
that best suits your needs.
Among them are the night style,
the high contrast style,
and finally, a style that
provides more
accessibility. Once the
desired style is selected, you can navigate through the
web page. The first thing we see is a
search bar that allows you to make a direct search
by filling out the desired fields.
From this same page, it is
possible to demonstrate that from any of
the pages on the website, you can return
to the index by clicking on the logo in the
header. You can also see where
you are by looking at the breadcrumbs and
returning to any previous pages by
clicking on them.
Another way to navigate faster on the web is to access the site map
available in the footer. In it, you can
see all the content you can access to continue.
We will return to the main page, where there are
certain featured articles and access to forms.
Another way to consult information about diseases
is by selecting the initial letter. If you select a letter with no diseases,
an error will appear. However, if you select a letter
that has diseases, the index with diseases
starting with that letter will open. By clicking on the disease of interest,
you'll see information such as related images,
description, causes, symptoms, tests,
treatment, expectations, and an embedded video
that also discusses the topic. Returning to the main page,
I'll cover additional available options.
Besides viewing all diseases and their information,
there is an option to contact us through the contact form,
whether to ask a question, file a complaint,
or submit any other type of query.
Another option is to indicate the level of satisfaction with the site
through the satisfaction form.
Lastly, you can view the accessibility statement to see the measures
we have taken to make our website accessible.